chore: Modified top-level 'README.md' (#12)
pdf-tools/components-code-sample-hub: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    git clone https://github.com/pdf-tools/components-code-sample-hub.git
    cd components-code-sample-hub
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
1. Navigate to the sample you want to run (for example, `components-code-sample-hub/pdftools_sdk/java/`).
1. Follow the instructions in the `README.md` of that folder.
```

> # Pdftools Sample Code Repository

Reviewer: Non-blocking comment (resolvable without applying it): Do we want to keep this as a title case with capital letters, or do we want the name to be in sentence case as we use it elsewhere? I am not sure about this one.

```suggestion
# Pdftools sample code repository
```

This repository contains runnable code samples demonstrating how to use the **Pdftools SDK** for common PDF processing tasks such as conversion, merging, signing, and validation, as well as the **Pdftools Toolbox** for more advanced and detailed PDF manipulation. It offers implementations for various use cases across multiple programming languages and is designed to assist developers in seamlessly integrating PDF functionalities into their applications.

> The samples are intended to help you get started quickly and to serve as a practical reference when integrating the Pdftools SDK or Pdftools Toolbox into your own applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDF processing code samples for PDF conversion, archiving, merging, digital signatures, validation, text extraction, and advanced PDF manipulation. Run code samples in C, .NET, Java, Python, and Visual Basic.

This repository covers two PDF libraries:
- **Pdftools SDK**: high-level PDF processing such as conversion, optimization, merging, signing, and validation.
- **Toolbox add-on**: low-level PDF manipulation such as creating documents from scratch, editing content, extracting information, and managing metadata.
```

> **Important:** All samples in this repository require a valid **Pdftools license key** in order to run. If you do not yet have a license, please create a user account at [portal.pdf-tools.com](https://portal.pdf-tools.com/) to request a trial key for evaluation purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Licensing

- **Pdftools SDK** doesn't require a license key for evaluation. Without a license key, the SDK adds a watermark to output files.
- **Toolbox add-on** requires a trial or full license key to run. Without a valid license key, processing fails.

**Important:** Toolbox add-on processing fails without a valid license key.

To get a trial license key, create a user account at the [Pdftools portal](https://portal.pdf-tools.com/). For more information, refer to [Trial license overview](https://www.pdf-tools.com/docs/licenses/products/pdf-tools-sdk-license/#trial-license-overview).
```

Author: Can we keep an **Important** somewhere here?

Reviewer: Done! Added. :-)

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Organization of samples

> At the top level, you can choose between **Pdftools SDK** samples and **Pdftools Toolbox** samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the top level, you can choose between **Pdftools SDK** samples and **Toolbox add-on**  samples.
```

Author: The official name os Toolbox SDK

Author: No, you were right :)

> Within each of these areas, the samples are organized **by programming language**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within each of these product areas, you can find the samples grouped **by programming language**.
```

Each sample folder contains:
- A language-specific `README.md` explaining setup and prerequisites
- Multiple **self-contained sample folders**
- Each sample folder includes:
  - Source code
  - PDF test files

>   - A sample-specific `README.md` explaining what the sample does and how to run it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each language folder contains:
- A `README.md` explaining setup and prerequisites
- Self-contained sample folders, each with:
    - Source code
    - PDF test files
    - A `README.md` explaining what the sample does and how to run it
```

## Repository structure

This repository has the following structure:

```
/pdftools_sdk

>   ├── <programming-language>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE
```

>       ├── /<use-case-folder> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ├── /USE_CASE_FOLDER 
```

          ├── README.md
              input.pdf

>               <sample-code-and-config>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              SAMPLE_CODE_AND_CONFIG
```

/pdftools_toolbox 

>   ├── <programming-language>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── PROGRAMMING_LANGUAGE
```

>       ├── /<use-case-folder> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ├── /USE_CASE_FOLDER
```

          ├── README.md                
              input.pdf                

>               <sample-code-and-config>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              SAMPLE_CODE_AND_CONFIG
```

# Pdftools Sample Code Repository

> This repository contains runnable code samples demonstrating how to use the **Pdftools SDK** for common PDF processing tasks such as conversion, merging, signing, and validation, as well as the **Pdftools Toolbox** for more advanced and detailed PDF manipulation. It offers implementations for various use cases across multiple programming languages and is designed to assist developers in seamlessly integrating PDF functionalities into their applications.

Reviewer: The paragraph further below works as an introduction instead of this one.
```suggestion
```

> PDF processing code samples for PDF conversion, archiving, merging, digital signatures, validation, text extraction, and advanced PDF manipulation. Run code samples in C, .NET, Java, Python, and Visual Basic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDF processing code samples repository for PDF conversion, archiving, merging, digital signatures, validation, text extraction, and advanced PDF manipulation. Run code samples in C, .NET, Java, Python, and Visual Basic.
```

This repository covers two PDF libraries:
- **Pdftools SDK**: high-level PDF processing such as conversion, optimization, merging, signing, and validation.
- **Toolbox add-on**: low-level PDF manipulation such as creating documents from scratch, editing content, extracting information, and managing metadata.

## Licensing

- **Pdftools SDK** doesn't require a license key for evaluation. Without a license key, the SDK adds a watermark to output files.
- **Toolbox add-on** requires a trial or full license key to run. Without a valid license key, processing fails.

**Important:** Toolbox add-on processing fails without a valid license key.

To get a trial license key, create a user account at the [Pdftools portal](https://portal.pdf-tools.com/). For more information, refer to [Trial license overview](https://www.pdf-tools.com/docs/licenses/products/pdf-tools-sdk-license/#trial-license-overview).

## Organization of samples

> At the top level, you can choose between **Pdftools SDK** samples and **Toolbox add-on**  samples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the top level, you can choose between **Pdftools SDK** samples and **Toolbox add-on** samples.
```

    git clone https://github.com/pdf-tools/components-code-sample-hub.git

>     cd components-code-sample-hub.git

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    cd components-code-sample-hub
```
